claude onesta had promised a fight
bulls among Olympic champions
french world champions
Spanish first semifinal of
the euro finally turned to bullfight
with the blues whose role of the matador
in the wake of an ieryer thierry
imperial in the cages author of three
consecutive parades on the three
first Spanish attempts the
France rolls out his handball at the start of
daniel shooting at the hip daniel
narcissus in power or luc abalo
aerial the solutions are not lacking in
attack the blues count up to five
forward goals and that trust or
burst of pride of the Spaniards the
part takes a different turn
after 20 minutes aguinagalde and weighs
all his weight at the pivot post and
martyrise the tricolor defense
the French machine dies wait
Karabatic
two minutes to understand it's going badly
not happy to be back
Spain spends a 5-0 to the men of
claude onesta and turn in the lead at the
half time 14-12
symbol of this harmless France
nikola karabatic attacks the second
period without having scored but his
first goal gives hope to the blues they
find their efficiency and go back
in front of the scoreboard
and despite two exclusions from two
simultaneous minutes the French do not crack
not helped well by a cyril dumoulin
replacing meyer with success did
a first big competition proves
what a parry cyril dumoulin there
now you have to keep the ball
luc abalo in the money time both
teams are neck and neck valentine
door top scorer takes tricolor
its responsibilities and assume its status
rising star of handball it
chained and shot at 9 meters
to give the blues 3 goals ahead of
mill is responsible for repelling the
recent Spanish attempts good
job
big attention is open to 7 open
Valerie Stutter
luc abalo gives him the coup de grace to
Spaniards disappointed France wins
30 to 27 is will try Sunday from
win the third European title of
his story was led at half-time
valentin and you almost take the keys
of the team obviously everyone there
is put
how is it possible for a young person
player in the semifinal you are a novice
how did you experience this second
half-time is fine because we
returns in the match not told himself
things in the locker room we said
that it was not possible to do the
ten the 20 minutes as we did so
we had to find some
solidarity we found our game and
here we had to dare to come
so I dared things I had a little
of luck by some moments and that's it
it paid 1 in the final is the most beautiful
day of my life
the success that I had that I could
see under first flat shots all easy
immediately back to the match and
after after that here is been launched td in
late is to think about all the rest
take action by action you know you
quote fauquet reprieve at the end you lose
so that's fraction by share titi that
everyone advised me and that's
together quite new times lost
keeper who knew how to do the job and and
this team and that is to say in this
team I still think about
the whole match we deserve the
victory because we were still
was before longer at the score and
then huh and then that's it yeah I think
we get to find it was the
search
we knew a semi final for the
win it takes 60 minutes and it has
been the case